Really? Yeah!
Sir, I have worked so hard
Just unfrozen the account
Hurry up and transfer the money to Xiao Li's name.
So even if he freezes again
We also have money to turn around
Yeah dad
Hurry up and transfer the money to my name, hey.
No way.
The money belongs to the company
Once the money is transferred
The company is completely doomed
This is my life's work
It's our last hope.
Oh, dad, is that so?
If you don't transfer the money quickly
The account is frozen again.
Then we have no chance at all.
Yes, sir
Hurry up and transfer the money to Xiaoli's name.
Wait until the Jiang family makes a comeback and needs money
Xiaoli will transfer the money out again, haha.
Dad, I am your biological son
Could it be that you are still afraid that I will run away with the money?
It's not like that, is it?
Then hurry up and transfer the money out
It's our only way out.
Hey
come
No.